feat: enable DHT by Routing.Type config key (#3153)
ipfs/js-ipfs: packages/ipfs/docs/FAQ.md

There is DHT support for js-IPFS in the form of [libp2p/js-libp2p-kad-dht](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-kad-dht) but it is not finished yet, and may not be the right solution to the problem.

### Node.js

To enable DHT support, before starting your daemon run:

```console
$ jsipfs config Routing.Type dht
```

The possible values for `Routing.Type` are:

 -  `'none'` the default, this means the DHT is turned off any you must manually dial other nodes

>  -  `'dht'` start the node in DHT client mode, if it works out it is dialable from outside the network, upgrade to server mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -  `'dht'` start the node in DHT client mode, if it is discovered to be publicly dialable it will automatically switch to server mode
```
